Document FOCUS conformance (#909)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/focus/conformance.md

| x_InvoiceSectionName     | [NH1-3](#null-handling)    | Should be null        | `x_InvoiceSectionName` can be "Unassigned" when there is no value.<br><br>Workaround: Replace "Unassigned" with null.        |
| x_PricingUnitDescription | [NH1-3](#null-handling)    | Should be null        | `x_PricingUnitDescription` can be "Unassigned" when there is no value.<br><br>Workaround: Replace "Unassigned" with null.    |

### Pending review

The following requirements have not been fully reviewed for conformance yet.

| Column               | ID                              | Type | Criteria                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------- | ---- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | CommitmentDiscountId | [DH3.12](#discount-handling)    | MUST | Such rows MUST have their CommitmentDiscountId and ResourceId set to the ID assigned to the commitment-based discount.                                                                                                                                            |

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | CommitmentDiscountId | [DH3.12](#discount-handling)    | MUST | Such rows MUST have their CommitmentDiscountId and ResourceId set to the ID assigned to the commitment-based discount.                                                                                                                                            |
> | ContractedCost       | [CnC3](#contracted-cost)        | MUST | When ContractedUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying the ContractedUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST produce the ContractedCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently. |

Author: ```suggestion
```

| ContractedCost       | [CnC4](#contracted-cost)        | MUST | The ContractedCost of a charge calculated based on other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Tax") MUST be calculated based on the ContractedCost of those related charges.                                                                                |

> | ContractedCost       | [CnC5](#contracted-cost)        | MUST | The ContractedCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the BilledCost.                                                                                                                                  |
> | ContractedUnitPrice  | [CnUP4](#contracted-unit-price) | MUST | When ContractedUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying ContractedUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST equal ContractedCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently.           |

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | ContractedCost       | [CnC5](#contracted-cost)        | MUST | The ContractedCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the BilledCost.                                                                                                                                  |
> | ContractedUnitPrice  | [CnUP4](#contracted-unit-price) | MUST | When ContractedUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying ContractedUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST equal ContractedCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently.           |
> | ListCost             | [LC3](#list-cost)               | MUST | When ListUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying the ListUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST produce the ListCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently.                   |

Author: ```suggestion
```

| DH3.10  | MUST   | If a commitment is not fully utilized, the provider MUST include a row that represents the unused portion of the commitment for that charge period.                                                                                                | Supports        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| DH3.11  | MUST   | These rows MUST be represented with CommitmentDiscountStatus set to "Unused" and ChargeCategory set to "Usage".                                                                                                                                    | Supports        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | DH3.12  | MUST   | Such rows MUST have their CommitmentDiscountId and ResourceId set to the ID assigned to the commitment-based discount.                                                                                                                             | Not Evaluated   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Author: ```suggestion
| DH3.12  | MUST   | Such rows MUST have their CommitmentDiscountId and ResourceId set to the ID assigned to the commitment-based discount.                                                                                                                             | Partially Supports | CommitmentDisocuntId logically matches ResourceId, but they differ in case. |
```

| --- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| CD0 | Description | Self-contained summary of the charge's purpose and price.                                     | Supports           |                                                                                                                                  |
| CD1 | MUST        | The ChargeDescription column MUST be present in the billing data...                           | Supports           |                                                                                                                                  |
| CD2 | MUST        | The ChargeDescription column... MUST be of type String...                                     | Supports           |                                                                                                                                  |

> | CD3 | SHOULD      | The ChargeDescription column... SHOULD NOT be null.                                           | Partially Supports | `ChargeDescription` may be null for savings plan unused charges and charges that are not directly associated with a product SKU. |

Author: ```suggestion
| CD3 | SHOULD      | The ChargeDescription column... SHOULD NOT be null.                                           | Partially Supports | `ChargeDescription` may be null for savings plan unused charges, Marketplace charges, and other charges that are not directly associated with a product SKU. |
```

| CnC2.2 | MUST        | This column... MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numeric-format) requirements...                                                                                                                                                                                  | Supports           |                                                                                                                                                        |
| CnC2.3 | MUST        | This column... \[MUST\] be denominated in the BillingCurrency.                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Supports           |                                                                                                                                                        |

> | CnC3   | MUST        | When ContractedUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying the ContractedUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST produce the ContractedCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently. | Not Evaluated      |                                                                                                                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| CnC3   | MUST        | When ContractedUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying the ContractedUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST produce the ContractedCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently. | Supports           | `ContractedCost` may be off by less than 0.00000000000000001 due to a rounding errors. |
```

| CnC4   | MUST        | The ContractedCost of a charge calculated based on other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Tax") MUST be calculated based on the ContractedCost of those related charges.                                                                                | Not Evaluated      |                                                                                                                                                        |

> | CnC5   | MUST        | The ContractedCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the BilledCost.                                                                                                                                  | Not Evaluated      |                                                                                                                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| CnC5   | MUST        | The ContractedCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the BilledCost.                                                                                                                                  | Partially Supports | As of October 2024, ContractedCost uses the wrong scale for EA accounts. Multiply by x_PricingBlockSize to resolve. ContractedCost may be off by less than 0.00001 due to rounding errors. |
```

| CnUP3.2 | MUST        | It... MUST be null when ChargeCategory is "Tax"...                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Not Applicable     | Taxes are not included in Cost Management cost and usage dataset.                                                                                           |
| CnUP3.3 | MAY         | It... MAY be null for all other combinations of ChargeClass and ChargeCategory.                                                                                                                                                                         | Supports           |                                                                                                                                                             |

> | CnUP4   | MUST        | When ContractedUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying ContractedUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST equal ContractedCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently. | Not Evaluated      |                                                                                                                                                             |

Author: ```suggestion
| CnUP4   | MUST        | When ContractedUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying ContractedUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST equal ContractedCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently. | Supports           | `ContractedCost` may be off by less than 0.00000000000000001 due to rounding errors. |
```

| LC2.1 | MUST        | This column MUST be of type Decimal...                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Supports           |                                                                                                         |
| LC2.2 | MUST        | This column... MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numeric-format) requirements.                                                                                                                                                                  | Supports           |                                                                                                         |
| LC2.3 | MUST        | This column... \[MUST\] be denominated in the BillingCurrency.                                                                                                                                                                                  | Supports           |                                                                                                         |

> | LC3   | MUST        | When ListUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying the ListUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST produce the ListCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently. | Not Evaluated      |                                                                                                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| LC3   | MUST        | When ListUnitPrice is present and not null, multiplying the ListUnitPrice by PricingQuantity MUST produce the ListCost, except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently. | Partially Supports | As of October 2024, `PricingQuantity` uses the wrong scale for EA accounts. Multiply by `x_PricingBlockSize` to resolve. After adjusting for this, `ListCost` may be off by less than 0.0000000001 due to rounding errors. |
```
